MRG, DOC: overhaul intro tutorial (#6286)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/glossary.rst

        The forward solution (abbr. ``fwd``) is a linear operator capturing the
        relationship between each dipole location in the :term:`source space`
        and the corresponding field distribution measured by the sensors (AKA,
        the "lead field matrix"). Calculating a forward solution requires a
        conductivity model of the head, encapsulating the geometry and
        electrical conductivity of the different tissue compartments (see
        :term:`boundary element model <BEM>` and
        :class:`mne.bem.ConductorModel`).

    info
        Also called ``measurement info``, it is a collection of metadata regarding
        a Raw, Epochs or Evoked object; e.g.,
        channel locations and types, sampling frequency,
        preprocessing history such as filters ...
        See :ref:`tut-info-class` for a narrative overview.

    inverse operator
        The inverse operator is an :math:`M \times N` matrix (:math:`M` source
        locations by :math:`N` sensors) that, when applied to the sensor
        signals, yields estimates of the brain activity that gave rise to the
        observed sensor signals. Inverse operators are available for the linear

>         inverse methods MNE, dSPM, sLORETA and eLORETA.

Reviewer: shall we point to `plot_compute_mne_inverse_volume` and others?

Author: I'm punting this until a later PR where the whole glossary gets better cross-referencing.

        down to a change of the ``first_samp`` attribute to know when cropped data
        was acquired.

>     forward model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    forward solution
```

Author: @agramfort are these terms actually different? I thought they were basically interchangable. There are [places in the C API reference](https://mne-tools.github.io/dev/manual/c_reference.html#mne-convert-mne-data) where both "forward model" and "forward solution" are used in the text describing different command-line flags of the same function.

I guess if you want to standardize, there's a simple argument for going with "forward solution":
```bash
$ git grep "forward model" | wc -l
51
$ git grep "forward solution" | wc -l
252
```

Reviewer 3: Let's do "forward solution" for now and find-and-replace in a quick follow-up PR

Reviewer 2: we need a model of the head, this is the BEM or sphere geometrical model. Then given the head model, we solve maxwell's equations and the solution of the computation is the "forward solution". Let's stick to BEM model and forward solution.

>         The forward solution or forward model (abbr. ``fwd``) is a linear

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        The forward solution (abbr. ``fwd``) is a linear
```

Reviewer 4: agree, they're not interchangeable in my mind either

>         The forward model is the numerical representation of a subject's brain,

Reviewer 2: The forward solution (abbr. ``fwd``) is the obtained by solving Maxwell equations that describe how the
electromagnetic fields propagate from the brain to the MEG/EEG sensors. It is a linear
operator that requires a conductivity model which can be a sphere or a BEM model.
It captures the relationship between each dipole in the source space and the expected
pattern of activity on the sensors.

We need then entries for "conductivity model" and "BEM"

Author: How about this:
```
The forward solution or forward model (abbr. ``fwd``) is a linear
operator capturing the relationship between each dipole location in the
:term:`source space` and the expected pattern of activity on the
sensors corresponding to that dipole (AKA, the "lead fields"). Forward
solutions are obtained by solving the Maxwell equations describing
electromagnetic field propagation; this requires a conductivity model
of the different tissues that the electromagnetic waves must propogate
through in order to reach the sensors (see :term:`boundary element
model <BEM>` and :class:`mne.bem.ConductorModel`).
```

        operator capturing the relationship between each dipole location in the

>         :term:`source space` and the expected pattern of activity on the

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
       :term:`source space` and the corresponding field distribution
```
once defined, `fwd` is deterministic

>         sensors corresponding to that dipole (AKA, the "lead fields"). Forward

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
         measured by the sensors (AKA, the "lead fields"). Forward
```
(Nitpick) Is it necessary to mention lead fields here? In my mind, LFs are source-space sensitivity maps for a given `fwd`, so more like a visualisation of it than an "AKA"?

Reviewer 2: yes agreed. So it's more the rows of the fwd.

@mshamalainen please educate us if need be :)

Author: @cjayb at the code sprint last month, there was specific mention of "lead fields" being notably absent from MNE documentation, which can pose a barrier to people who are used to that terminology from using other software.  That's why I added it here.  But it's entirely possible that I'm slightly mistaken about what "lead fields" means... I thought based on [this Brainstorm page](https://neuroimage.usc.edu/brainstorm/Tutorials/HeadModel?highlight=%28lead%29%7C%28field%29#Forward_model) that "lead field" was basically synonymous with "forward model":

> In Brainstorm, we call the outcome of this modeling step a "head model", a.k.a. forward model, leadfield matrix or gain matrix in the MEG/EEG literature.

Reviewer 4: @drammock OK, it's been discussed, I yield :)@britta-wstnr did mention that you'd spoken about it, and I agree to the extent that it's important not to confuse newcomers. How about

(the "lead field" or "gain" matrix is a component of the forward solution)

or something to that extent? (`fwd['sol']['data']`)

Reviewer 3: "lead field matrix" to me is synonymous with "forward matrix" and "gain matrix", and it appears to be for @agramfort [at least back in 2011](https://www.hindawi.com/journals/cin/2011/923703/) :)

> For each of these instances, the result of the forward problem is expressed as a lead field, that is, the matrix representing the linear relation between sources and measurements, a.k.a. “Gain matrix.”

The confusion perhaps comes from describing a lead field as one column of the forward matrix (how all sensors see one source space dipole) rather than a single row of the forward matrix (how one sensor sees all source space dipoles). So perhaps scrap the row/col terminolology in favor of a more generic linear-relationship phrasing, and we should be good here.

Author: OK, I confess now that I'm thoroughly confused.  If our definition starts out by saying "the forward solution is a linear operator" (AKA a matrix) then in what sense is the "lead field matrix" simply a *component* of the forward solution (as opposed to being *the same thing as* the forward solution)?  Is there some equivocation going on here between the concept of "forward solution" versus what we store in a `mne.forward.forward.Forward` object (which includes all kinds of other stuff)?

Reviewer 3: A lead field for a single sensor is one row of the gain/forward/lead field matrix. Lead field matrix, forward matrix, and gain matrix are synonyms.

Author: OK, but if the "forward solution" is a linear operator, then "forward solution" == "forward matrix" == "lead field matrix"?
```
The forward solution (abbr. ``fwd``) is a linear operator capturing the
relationship between each dipole location in the :term:`source space`
and the corresponding field distribution measured by the sensors (AKA, the
"lead field matrix").
```
OK?

Reviewer 3: Yeah, that looks good to me

Reviewer 2: ok for me too

>         solutions are obtained by solving the Maxwell equations describing

Reviewer 4: I'd rather not talk about 'propagation': the solutions are calculated under quasi-static assumptions, so specifically no E/B-coupling. How about simply:

```suggestion
        Calculating a forward solution requires that a model of the tissues of the head is defined, which encapsulates the geometry and electrical conductivity of the different compartments (see :term:`boundary ...`).
```

        source space, and the expected pattern of observations at the sensors
        corresponding to that source activity (AKA, the "lead fields").

    info
        Also called ``measurement info``, it is a collection of metadata regarding
        a Raw, Epochs or Evoked object; e.g.,
        channel locations and types, sampling frequency,
        preprocessing history such as filters ...
        See :ref:`tut-info-class` for a narrative overview.

    inverse operator
        The inverse operator is an :math:`M \times N` matrix (:math:`M` source
        locations by :math:`N` sensors) that, when applied to the sensor
        signals, yields estimates of the brain activity that gave rise to the
        observed sensor signals. Different inverse operators are necessary for
        EEG, MEG, or combined EEG+MEG data, as well as for
        constrained-orientation versus fixed-orientation sources and for

>         cortical surface versus cortical volume source estimates.

Reviewer 2: The inverse operator is an :math:`M \times N` matrix (:math:`M` source
        locations by :math:`N` sensors) that, when applied to the sensor
        signals, yields estimates of the brain activity that gave rise to the
        observed sensor signals. Inverse operators are available
        for the linear inverse methods MNE, dSPM, sLORETA and eLORETA.
